[Music]
hey what's one thing we all want but
don't want to work for it a billion
dollars nope
weight loss bingo and something we all
love that doesn't exactly help that goal
sleep two for two you're on a roll so
let's do the impossible and combine them
lose weight while you sleep first thing
you'll need to do boost your metabolism
you know how some people can eat
whatever they want skip the gym and
still not gain a pound there enviable
magic likely comes down to this
butterfly shaped gland in the neck
called the thyroid it's basically the
powerhouse of your metabolism it sends
out hormones that control how well your
body burns the calories you take in fuel
your body's natural fat burning machine
by giving it what it wants foods rich in
iodine zinc and selenium
those include iodized salt sea weed meat
shellfish and Brazil nuts chug that
water good old h2o gives you a 10 to 30%
metabolic boost especially cold water as
scientific studies show cold water
forces your body to burn more calories
since it has to heat up to get that
water in your belly warmer six to eight
cups of water a day will be enough to
increase your resting metabolism 250
calories a day in other words you'll be
burning fat while resting take cold
showers the same concept works with the
water you're bathing in if it's lower
than 70 degrees Fahrenheit your body
tries to stay warm by producing more
heat this speeds up your metabolism and
you burn more calories but don't take my
word for it
aha you've learned that by now a study
from the National Institute of Health
found that showers below 70 degrees
increase metabolism by 93 percent that
number jumps up to 350 percent when the
water is at 57 degrees start with a
five-minute cold shower and increase
your exposure time by a minute every
week if you can handle
snooze now all these tips will help you
burn calories as you sleep all that jazz
about higher resting metabolism but just
sleeping for eight hours
gets rid of 300 calories on its own plus
when you don't get enough sleep your
body needs more energy since it can't
get it from snoozing it'll look for it
from food your hormonal levels get all
messed up and your body starts producing
more hunger hormone and less fullness
hormone a study took a handful of
healthy adults and asked them to sleep
for just six hours a day for five weeks
the result their resting metabolism
slowed down by eight percent lower the
room temperature when you're cold your
body will need to burn fuel to stay warm
and that fuel is calories so the colder
it is the more calories it'll get rid of
hence the whole cold water thing earlier
the best way to do it is to turn the
thermostat down to 65 degrees while you
sleep your body will be doing all the
work while you're off in dreamland
just be sure you don't put on too many
clothes to stay warm otherwise the only
benefit you'll see is in your electric
bill get yourself that morning
pick-me-up I'm not talking about a full
fat latte with whipped cream hey sounds
good but instead just have a cup of
plain black coffee it can increase your
metabolism and help you burn fat while
lying around that same National
Institute of Health looked at the
effects of caffeine and found that it
increased 29% of fat burn in slimmer
people and 10% in those who had some
extra weight
caffeine goes straight to your nervous
system and orders the fat cells to break
down change the oil not the recipe no
need to give up fried food just switch
your cooking oil to something healthier
like coconut or palm kernel oil research
shows that people who add two
tablespoons of coconut oil in their
breakfast aren't as hungry during lunch
and they have less of an appetite later
in the afternoon these two oils are also
broken down and absorbed quicker into
the body and they help your metabolism
get the job done
to spice things up with your meals add
chilies jalapenos and pepperonis to your
diet these spicy foods contain a
substance called capsaicin that's what
has you reaching for the milk when you
eat super spicy stuff anyway it can help
your metabolism move faster I'm talking
10 extra calories with every meal spicy
foods also decrease your appetite that
slice of spicy pizza for dinner will
make you feel fuller for longer and you
won't get hunger again before bed
seasoned with apple cider vinegar it's
been proven that people who added apple
cider vinegar in their diet
a 200 fewer calories every day that's
because it suppress the part of their
brain that controls appetite so they
didn't feel as hungry it also reduced
the amount of fat buildup in the body so
adding just one tablespoon of apple
cider vinegar in your salad can
kick-start your metabolism and keep it
from slowing down eat carbs your muscles
use them to speed up your metabolism
here's how it goes let's say you're
eating complex carbs that could be a
bowl of whole-grain pasta or oatmeal
your body breaks those carbs down into
sugar to give you energy if that sugar
isn't used it gets stored as fat but if
you're lifting weights the fuel is used
as energy to keep you going
bodybuilders take in about 50 percent
more carbs to fuel their workouts and
their metabolism is 14% faster than
average munch on those proteins your
body burns more calories to process
protein than it does while breaking down
carbs and fats as an example you eat 200
grams of chicken breast it contains 330
calories your body will burn 99 of those
calories just from digesting though if
you were to eat a chocolate bar hmm the
calories would just add up protein also
helps you build muscle which brings me
to my next point hit the gym I know I
know
the idea is to lose weight while you
sleep but hear me out
if protein is an exercise your body
turns it into
so even though consuming protein is
healthy you must control what your body
does with it strength training with
weights or just bodyweight exercises can
make your muscles bigger and tone
muscles burn 50 calories a day when
you're just lying around
besides muscle building do some
high-intensity workouts these are
exercises that are both quick and
powerful training that includes things
like mountain climbers you side to side
hops or squats can help you burn even
more fat long after the workout has
ended one study observed young
overweight men doing high-intensity
workouts for 12 weeks their fat mass
went down by 4 pounds and their belly
decreased by 17 percent doing nothing
and sleeping are great and all but if
you want your body to scorch those
calories while you're lying around
regular workouts will do it besides
you'll have nice toned muscles as a
bonus add fiber to your diet fiber found
in foods like oats berries broccoli
beans and nuts boost metabolism period
maybe you continue to eat unhealthy
foods but you at least combined them
with some beans apples and strawberries
when that fiber enters your digestive
system it prevents your body from
absorbing excess fat foods high in fiber
also take more time to chew so you'll
also feel fuller for longer don't cut
your calories there's a myth that if you
eat fewer calories your body will
jumpstart your metabolism as soon as it
senses food in your stomach well it's
actually the opposite when you don't eat
enough your body slows down it functions
to save energy
then it'll feed on those muscles you
work so hard to build and it'll store
more fat since your body considers fat
and insulator to protect the organs the
trick is to eat enough calories every
day and make sure your diet has plenty
of fiber complex carbs and proteins just
don't let yourself go hungry you don't
have to tell me twice
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share with a
friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]